[Music]
nine natural ways to get rid of
blackheads and whiteheads fast do you
know the true way to have healthy and
picture-perfect skin we do just take
care of it every day clear and beautiful
skin is one of the main elements of your
beauty but guess what you don't have to
waste your money on cosmetics anymore we
have a wonderful list of the best
remedies that will help you naturally
remove blackheads and whiteheads and
make your skin radiate let's check it
out method number one lemon honey and
sugar
this mixture can work wonders with your
skin cut a lemon in half and pour enough
honey to cover the cut surface of the
lemon then sprinkle the lemon half with
two pinches of sugar by the way it's
better to use cane sugar now gently
massage the problem areas with this
natural sponge in a circular motion
repeat this no more than once a week
you'll see incredible results very soon
method number two Vaseline and plastic
wrap the best time to use this trick is
right after a shower because the heat
from the water will have opened your
pores apply Vaseline to the area that
needs to be treated then place the
plastic wrap over the Vaseline with the
wrap still in place apply a hot towel
and let it sit until it cools back down
to room temperature then use a tissue to
remove any excess Vaseline from your
face and gently squeeze the skin where
the blackheads are clogging your pores
the dirt should be pushed out very
easily finally wipe a cotton pad soaked
in lotion over your skin repeat this
procedure once or twice a month and your
skin will thank you
at number three coconut oil plus
essential oils did you know that coconut
oil is the best solution for most of
skin and hair problems slightly melt the
fourth cup of coconut oil in a jar you
can put it in the microwave for 10 to 15
seconds then combine the coconut oil
with 10 drops of lemon lavender and tea
tree oils now stir well until smooth use
a cotton ball to apply the solution to
your skin in the morning and evening
after washing your face the mixture
should be stored in a sealed jar at room
temperature you'll notice amazing
changes in your skin after a few times
method number four cinnamon + out flour
mix a teaspoon of oat flour with an
equal amount of cinnamon powder add a
little warm water and stir well the
mixture should be the consistency of
very thick cream gently apply this
mixture with your fingertips in a
circular motion on your face scrub for
about one minute and then wash your face
thoroughly with cold water keep in mind
that cinnamon may cause a tingling
sensation when applied on the skin no
worries it will disappear after you wash
your face use this trick no more than
twice a month method number five
activated charcoal and green clay mix
half a teaspoon of activated charcoal
powder 1 teaspoon of green clay and half
a teaspoon of warm water together mix
well until the mixture is smooth and
free of lumps apply the mask to your
face with a sponge or brush let the mask
sit for several minutes until it dries
completely then rinse it off with cold
water if you repeat this once or twice a
week your pores will be nice and clean
that's it number six coconut oil plus
coffee grounds first put a half of cup
of coconut oil into the microwave to
warm it up slightly then combine it with
a half cup of fresh coffee grounds use
some of the mixture immediately and
gently massage your face with circular
movements after scrubbing leave the
mixture on your face for five minutes
then use cold water to wash it off
repeat the procedure once a week and you
will fall in love with your skin again
by the way you can divide the remaining
mixture into muffin tins or ice cube
trays and put it into a freezer method
number seven aloe vera white clay and
essential oils mix two teaspoons of
white clay and one tea spoon of aloe
vera gel then add 1 TSP of plain
distilled water and three drops of young
young and lavender essential oils in a
glass or ceramic bowl mix all the
ingredients until the mixture is smooth
apply the mask to your face with a
sponge or brush and let it sit for about
10 minutes rinse it off with warm water
keep in mind you can use this mask only
twice a month method number eight
oatmeal honey yogurt and olive oil play
support the cup of oatmeal two teaspoons
of yogurt 2 teaspoons of honey and two
teaspoons of olive oil in a food
processor and blend it until well
combined apply the mixture to your clean
face scrubbing in a circular motion for
one to two minutes then wash it off with
warm water if you have extremely
sensitive skin that seems to be
irritated by scrubbing don't scrub just
use the mixture as a facial mask and
leave it on your skin for five to seven
minutes use this trick once or twice a
week and your skin will radiate beauty
method number 9
sugar honey olive oil vanilla extract
combined 1/4 cup of white sugar with 1/4
cup of brown sugar in a bowl and mix add
1/4 a cup of olive oil and stir well
then mix in 1 tablespoon of honey and
1/2 a teaspoon of vanilla extract stir
all the ingredients well until smooth
and scrub the blackheads with this
mixture rinse it off with warm water
well done you can use this remedy once a
week and store the mixture in an
airtight jar at room temperature we
recommend you try all these methods and
let us know which one is the most
beneficial to you in the comments below
don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button and if you're visiting our
channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life